Adds API documentation (#8)
sandialabs/Gulliver: docs/Endian-Byte-Enumerables.md

# Endian Byte Enumerables

The `LittleEndianByteEnumerable` and `BigEndianByteEnumerable` gives access to more cleanly treat little-endian and big-endian byte arrays as enumerables in an expected indexable manner regardless of the underlying endianness ignoring `0x00` valued most significant bytes and managing indexing of the most significant byte at the 0th index.

> This topic will be further expounded upon at a later date. In the mean time please feel free to browse the source code available 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic will be further expounded upon at a later date. In the meantime please feel free to browse the source code available:
```
